W-18940999-merge-MS2025-06-ACB-to-latest-mk (#474)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshooting.adoc

To avoid this error, create and import your projects within your `/home/_your-user-name_/` folder or in a subdirectory that you create under this folder. The cloud IDE automatically provides the folder with your username.

Also avoid creating your projects under `/home/AnypointCodeBuilder`, which is intended for downloads of Mule and Java versions and for xref:ref-acb-maven.adoc#anypoint-code-builder-settings-file[acb_settings.xml]. 

== Disable Components to Isolate Issues

When debugging a flow, you can disable (comment out) individual components directly in the canvas. This allows you to isolate and test parts of your logic without removing or rewriting anything.
For example:

* Temporarily disable a Transform or Logger to test a different path.

* Comment out an entire flow or error handler to simplify the execution logic.

* Disable MUnit test processors to troubleshoot specific assertions.

To disable a component:

. Right-click it in the canvas.

> . Select *Disable Component*.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *Disable Component*.
```

> Disabled components appear greyed out in the canvas and are ignored at runtime. In the XML editor, the block is wrapped in an XML comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disabled components are unavailable in the canvas and are ignored at runtime. In the XML editor, the block is wrapped in an XML comment.
```
